mr. Andy Murray's asleep in this hotel
he's rehabilitating and I'm sure this
wasn't part of a plan it's all for a
good cause
[Music]
formerly with I can show with sir Andy
Barry morning Andy how are you mate this
is the sporty moonlight game show where
every question you answer correctly is
worth five thousand pounds for sport
really Andy we've got to crack on
because time is money for Sport Relief
and the bedside clock is ticking
Andy in your historic 2012 US Open final
win against Novak Djokovic can you
remember the score in all five sets
No 5,000 pounds of her Sport Relief it
was long it was long but I'm gonna need
to be booked specifically 2007 six yes
set number two 7-6 7-5 correct
third set it was a fun center Novak took
the third set and it was I'm gonna have
to push you the bedside clock is ticking
to sit correct three six yes and then
the final step you want to take your
first Grand Slam for 5,000 pounds
if this historical Scottish finger and
[Applause]
thank you very much please identify by
touch this tennis player so if you just
where I was standing
reach out to your right there you go
there you go okay that is the hand of a
tennis player that's a watch
very good you'll feel the forearms to
work out if he's right or left-handed
I'm not just saying that I but I think I
bumped into this person think I smelled
in the same yes
our next question and the other have to
say you're flying and all raising loads
of money for support really from your
favorite TV show please person who is it
[Music]
[Applause]
can you using the spice nicknames please
name the missing Spice Girls
[Music]
and what are you doing now oh yes that's
fine okay could you name the missing
Spice Girls okay
Pop's was correct Baby Spice correct yes
for five thousand pounds each finish
this song okay finish the song yes any
singers you need to sing it
okay so tell me what you want what you
really really want
don't tell me what you want what you
really wanna zigazig the world spice up
your life
[Applause]
okay I don't wanna be this one I need
some love like and never needed love
before want to make love to
[Applause]
thank you very much free game called
juice please welcome
Ainsley Harriott Ainsley has very kindly
juiced some well-known Scottish
ingredients there's two ingredients in
this first juice winter agreed as to the
well-known Scottish ingredients it's by
doesn't perfectly blended with love and
be blended with enough shortbread okay
all right next door this is a bit nicer
mmm right oh but if there is some taste
coming through focus on the senses the
senses that lets you identify Tim Henman
from a single with one more Scottish
people might eat this in the morning
it begins with me that's 5,000 pounds
okay are you prepared to take on the
final one okay here we go
it's the third as it goes it giving man
just one of those hungry eyes are it
okay there's alcohol right yes name of
Scottish alcohol well-known oh my god
what speaker it up we're gonna give you
that the other was something called
neeps and tatties
okay this next person he's not a few
words
[Music]
that is the Stig correct now for a
thousand pounds of strike I'm going to
throw balls at you and all you have to
do is hit the Stig on the helmet that's
a thousand pounds thank you very much to
the sting okay now I'm going to show to
you
iconic tennis image
remember this but it's for me I've seen
that false over for years
okay now all I meant to ask you to do is
identify the celebrity recreating it for
us this late night early morning would
you be now I'm telling King it's a boy
thinking that based on what's the
giveaway on the range on them I can tell
you that what I need to say something
you might get it he is a very
distinctive voice if I do just ask you
to say the word
[Music]
[Applause]
that's 5,000 pounds thank you very much
and good night
[Music]
[Applause]
I got such a fright what everyone here